Hi, I'm Eryk Vershen,
Media Technologies Evangelist.
In this video, you'll learn all about
video playback in iOS,
how to handle remote control events,
and a brief introduction
to AV Foundation,
essential knowledge for
incorporating video in your iOS app.
This talk is going to get you
started on video if you're new to it.
It's going to get you to add
functionality if you're already
using video in your app.
And it's going to introduce you
to some of the more advanced APIs.
You're going to learn how to do
basic movie playback and recording.
You're going to learn
about notifications,
remote control, AV output,
and a brief introduction
to AV Foundation.
So let's look at the technology
frameworks that we're going
to be talking about here.
There's three frameworks in particular.
The first one is the
Media Player Framework.
The Media Player Framework is responsible
for simple basic movie playback as
well as playing back of songs that
you might have in your iPod app.
Now we're not going to talk
about playing back songs.
We're just going to talk
about the movie playback.
Now underneath the Media Player Framework
is the UI Kit Framework.
The UI Kit Framework is a very
large framework and has to do with
everything that presents UI in iOS.
A small portion of UI Kit has to do with
presenting media and I'll be talking
about those classes in this talk.
Underneath that at a level
below is AV Foundation.
AV Foundation is another
very large framework.
It was introduced in iOS 4.0 and it's
what you need to use if you're going
to do more advanced things with video.
In the diagram you'll see that
I've mentioned several other
frameworks below AV Foundation:
Core Audio, Core Media, Core Animation.
I won't be talking in detail
about those frameworks,
but I wanted to give you a sense
that AV Foundation is built on
a lot of other technologies.
So these three frameworks on the top,
Media Player, UI Kit,
and AV Foundation is what
we're going to talk about.
First, let's talk about playback.
Basic movie playback is when
you're taking over the entire
screen to play back your movie.
And in this case,
you're going to be using
Media Player Framework.
The first class you want to know
about is MPMoviePlayerViewController.
MPMoviePlayerViewController is
what you're going to use if you're
going to do simple movie playback,
where you want to take over the
entire screen of your iOS device.
Now, MPMoviePlayerViewController
is a UIViewController.
And you use it modally.
That is, it's going to be the only thing
interacting on your iOS device.
But rather than using the standard
present and dismiss methods,
you have to use special methods that
are customized for UIViewController.
Now,
this is going to use the entire screen.
So, what you're going to do is
you're going to add a method to
your UIViewController subclass.
This method would be called
something like PlayMovieAtURL.
You'll pass it a URL of the
content that you want to play.
Obviously the first thing you're
going to do is you need to allocate
that MPMoviePlayerViewController
and init it with your content.
The next thing you're going to do
is you're going to register for
the playback finish notification.
Now, one of the things you want to
notice here is that the object
you're going to get notifications
on is not your view controller.
Instead, it's the movie player that's
associated with the view controller.
And the notification you're going
to register for is MPMoviePlayer
Playback Did Finish notification.
And this is what you're going to
get when your movie stops playing.
Now once you've done that,
you simply tell the view controller to
present the movie player view controller.
You're calling that method which
goes ahead and has this new view
controller take over the screen.
And at that point,
all you do is initiate movie playback.
Now notice that this is asynchronous.
The movie doesn't start
playing immediately,
but the method does return immediately.
Now the other piece of code that you
need to create is the method that's
going to be called by that notification.
In this case I've called
it myMovieFinishedCallback.
Now it's going to get a notification
object like any notification
and the first thing I'm going
to do is I'm going to get rid
of the notification that I created.
And notice that in this case what
I'm getting back as an object is
not the view controller but is
instead the movie player that's
associated with that view controller.
Once I've gotten rid of the notification,
I dismiss the modal view and
then release the instance.
Now,
the other class that we're going to be
interested in is MPMoviePlayerController.
MPMoviePlayerController is one I use
when I want to only take over part
of the screen of my iOS device.
Now, in this case,
rather than being a view controller,
it has a view property
associated with it.
And that means we need to install
this view into our view hierarchy
And the frame of that view needs to
match the bounds of its parent view.
So let's look at the method
we're going to create.
Again, let's call it something
like PlayMovieAtURL.
Now in the beginning here,
I'm going to do very similar things.
I'm going to go and create
my MPMoviePlayer controller.
I'm going to save it away
somewhere in my class.
I'm going to set the content to
be the URL that I'm interested in.
And then the important piece that
I've highlighted here is I'm going to
add the view that's associated with
that movie player controller into the
view hierarchy that already exists.
[Transcript missing]
So that's our two classes
that exist in Media Player.
MPMoviePlayerViewController.
It's a view controller.
You use it modally and it
takes over the whole screen.
And MPMoviePlayerController
instead has a view property.
You install it in your view hierarchy
and make sure that the bounds match.
Now one thing I want to
mention is prior to iOS 3.2,
MPMoviePlayerController
worked differently.
In that case it took over the whole
screen and the modal playback wasn't
presented with a special method.
Instead it happened automatically
when you played and was dismissed
automatically when the movie finished.
Now,
the only reason I mention this is if you
have to port some code that's pre-3.2,
or if you feel you need, for some reason,
to still support users who
are on iOS 3.1 or earlier.
This behavior is deprecated and doesn't
occur in newer versions of the OS.
Now I'd like to turn to what
you can do in terms of enhancing
your support for movies.
I'm going to talk about
five different things here.
What you can do with your user
interface in terms of customization,
the various notifications
that exist around movies.
How to handle remote control events.
How you can get video output
from iOS and about AirPlay.
So let's talk about user interface.
Now when I'm playing a video,
say with MP Movie Player View Controller,
it's in an embedded view and I have
a very limited set of controls.
A play/pause button, an airplay button,
and a button that allows
me to go in full screen.
Now once I go into full screen,
I have a lot more controls.
I have a volume slider,
a next fast forward button,
a previous rewind button, done button,
the scrubber bar and play head,
and a button that allows me to
change the scaling of the video.
Now for certain kinds of media,
file-based media, I have a few other
controls that will show up.
There's a control for subtitle and
alternate audio menu and a control
that shows the chapter list menu.
In terms of customizing
the UI for movie playback,
really your only choice is
to turn off the controls.
You do that with the
MPMovie control style none.
Now you can resynthesize
most of the controls.
The exceptions are the AirPlay control,
the subtitle and alternate audio button,
and the chapter list.
It is possible to get airplay
by using the MPVolumeView class.
This gives you a volume
slider and an airplay button.
Using the MPVolumeView is
pretty straightforward.
You allocate the class associating
with the particular parent view's
bounds and add it as a subview.
Now I'd like to turn to the
various notifications that
are associated with movies.
There are quite a
number of notifications,
so I've broken them into several groups.
The first group I'd like to talk
about is those that are associated
directly with movie playback.
The first one you've seen before,
MPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishNot
ification.
That's a notification you
get when your movie's done.
The other ones here have to do with
notifications that you'd like to
get when some part of your app isn't
directly involved with movie playback.
For instance,
if you want to use the same movie
player to play multiple different URLs,
that is, different content,
you can have part of your
app register for the "Now
Playing Movie Did Change" notification.
That part of your app will
get this notification when you
change the URL that's associated.
The next group of notifications
I'd like to talk about all have
to do with the movie content.
The first four have to do with values
that are associated with a movie
that aren't necessarily available
when you first initialize your movie.
For instance,
the system may not know exactly
the duration of your movie
when you initialize the object.
If some part of your application
needs to know these values exactly,
you should register for one of
these notifications so that you
can find out once the system knows.
The next two notifications here
have to do with things that
can change that are part of the
presentation state of the movie.
For instance, scaling mode did changed.
If the user is allowed to
change the scaling of the movie,
that is what the aspect ratio is
of the movie as it's going along,
your application will get notified with
a scaling mode did change notification.
The last one in this group is the
time to metadata updated notification.
Now, this notification only
occurs on HTTP live streams.
Time metadata is metadata that's
associated with particular
points in time in the movie,
say 35 seconds in or 42 seconds in.
The time metadata is sent as a
notification because this makes
it easier for your application
to react to that metadata.
The next group of notifications
all have to do with going
into and out of full screen.
Now this is a very
typical pattern in iOS.
You get will enter, did enter, will exit,
did exit.
And these should be quite familiar
from other parts of the system.
The last notification I want to
talk about is the thumbnail image
request did finish notification.
You used this notification when
you wanted to get a still image for
one or more frames in your movie.
These things have to be
done asynchronously by
the system on your behalf.
So the system's going to send
you a notification when those
thumbnails are completed.
Now I'd like to talk
about remote control.
Why do you want your app to
respond to remote control events?
Well, principally you want to respond
to remote control events
because of the Apple earphones.
The Apple earphones have a
remote control on them and this
control allows the user to play,
pause, switch to the next track or
go back to the previous track,
among other things.
Why do you want to respond to these?
Well, if your user is listening to and
watching the video in your app
while they're on the subway or
riding in a car with other people,
they don't want to disturb
their neighbors with the audio.
And if they've got that remote
control available to them,
they want to be able to use it.
Now there's a couple other
reasons that you might want to
support the remote control events.
If you decide to have the audio portion
of your movie play in the background,
then there are two ways
that the user can control.
When the screen is in the locked state,
if the user double clicks,
they can get the playback controls.
Or if the user is using another app,
and goes to look at their
most recently used apps list,
they can swipe over and actually
have another set of controls that
we call the Now Playing controls.
So how do you support
remote control events?
Well, first of all,
your View or ViewController
class needs to implement the
canBecomeFirstResponder method.
Return yes.
And then you need to do something
when your view appears and
when your view disappears.
When your view appears,
you need to tell UI application
that you're ready to begin
receiving remote control events.
And you need to become
the first responder.
Only the first responder gets
the remote control events.
Now when your view disappears,
you need to undo these things.
Tell UI application that you no
longer want to receive remote control
events and resign first responder.
Now when you get a remote control event,
your method called remote
control received with event
is what's going to be called.
You're going to look and see that the
received event is a remote control.
And you're going to look at
its subtype to see what kind
of remote control event it is.
The one that I've highlighted
here is UI Event Subtype
Remote Control Toggle Play Pause.
This is the most important
one to respond to.
Typically, whenever you,
the play/pause button in
all of these interfaces is
going to give you this event.
On the slide,
I've listed a couple of other events,
the previous and next track events,
but there are several other
events that you should handle,
and you need to refer to
the documentation for those.
The next thing I'd like to talk
about is how you can get video
output from your application.
Now, with the iOS devices,
you're not actually
getting a video output.
Instead, you're getting a second screen.
And this happens whether you're
using the VGA connector or the
composite or component AV cables.
In terms of your application,
what you're seeing is a second screen.
And that screen is just another view.
To handle UI screen,
you need to register for screen
connection and disconnection.
And then when you want to
display content on that screen,
you create a window and
simply associate the screen,
that external screen, with that window.
You add whatever views you're interested
in and show the window to the user.
So let's take a look at that.
Registering for screen connection
and disconnection should look a
lot like what we've seen before.
We're just adding another observer,
in this case for the
UIScreenDidConnect notification,
and there's no object
associated with this.
We'll also register for
screen disconnection.
Now let's look at our method
that we're going to use for
handling the screen connection.
The notification object associated
with the notification is going to be
that new screen that's been connected.
We're going to allocate a
window associated with that
screen and set the screen as the
screen object for that window.
Once we've done that,
all we need to do is tell our
application to adjust the UI for
having that second screen.
Now, when we get a screen
disconnection notification,
we essentially do the inverse.
We need to hide that window,
get rid of it,
and update our UI to reflect that
that window is no longer there.
Next, I'd like to talk about AirPlay.
Now, AirPlay was something
that we added in iOS 4,
but now in iOS 4.3,
your application has the ability
to send video over AirPlay.
Now, one thing that trips some people
up is that you always will see
the AirPlay button whenever
there's an AirPlay device around,
even if that's only an
AirPlay audio device.
AirPlay audio is something that
you don't opt in or out of.
It's always there.
You do, however,
have to opt in to AirPlay video.
You do this with the Allows
AirPlay property on the
MP Movie Player controller.
You simply set it to true.
Now, do remember that AirPlay in
your app requires updated
software on your Apple TV.
You can use AirPlay with web
content by setting the appropriate
attributes in your HTML5.
And while it's supported
with Media Player,
it's not supported in
AV Foundation at this time.
You can use it with HTTP live streams,
but if your stream is using encryption,
that's not going to work over AirPlay.
And one thing you have to remember
is it's streaming the movie,
not the screen.
If you're doing overlays or backgrounds,
those things are not going to
show up on your AirPlay device.
So, I've talked about five different
enhancements about how you can
customize your user interface,
about the extensive movie notifications,
handling remote control
events in your app,
how you can use a second screen,
and AirPlay.
Now I'd like to make a few digressions.
First of all,
I'd like to go back to our technology
framework and talk about another
framework that I didn't mention before.
And that's the Audio Toolbox framework.
Now the Audio Toolbox
framework lives underneath the
AV Foundation framework and Media Player.
And the reason I'm mentioning
Audio Toolbox is because of what's
called the Audio Session category.
The audio session category.
What is it?
It's an identifier that tells the
system how your application uses audio.
It tells the system what kind of
behavior your application expects.
Do you want to receive audio
input or produce audio output?
Do you want to honor
the ring silence switch?
And do you want to mix with any other
audio that may be on the system?
You have to remember that
you're in an audio environment,
whether you like it or not.
The user may have been playing some other
audio before they switched to your app,
and it may be appropriate for your app
to allow that audio to continue playing.
So there are six audio
session categories.
And remember,
you set these based on the role
that audio takes in your app.
The first one is playback.
If you're doing audio or video playback,
that's where you should be.
If you're simply recording,
you want to use the record category.
Now, if you're doing something where
you're doing a combination
of playback and record,
for instance, a voice over IP app,
you'd want to use the
play and record category.
If you happen to be doing
something just with audio,
some offline processing of audio,
you'd use the audio processing category.
And the last two categories,
Ambient and Solo Ambient,
are mostly for games
and productivity apps.
Now these are the only two categories,
Ambient and Solo Ambient,
that honor the Ring Silent Switch.
And the reason they do so is by
using one of these categories,
you're telling the system that audio
is not that important to your app
and it's all right if it be silenced.
The important takeaway here is you need
to understand the audio session category
because the default is Solo Ambient.
And if you're playing movies,
that's probably not the
right thing for you.
The next thing I want to mention
is differences in movie containers
have effects that percolate
all the way up to the API.
Now, there are really two
different kinds of formats.
There's HTTP live streams
and other formats.
Now,
rather than saying something that long,
I typically talk about HTTP live
streams just as streams
and other formats as files.
Now, this is a bit of a misnomer,
but it's good enough for our purposes.
If you haven't used HTTP live
streaming previously,
I recommend that you visit our page
dedicated to HTTP live streaming,
developer.apple.com/resources/http-stream
ing.
This has pointers to all
of the documentation,
videos, and sample code,
and the specs related
to HTTP live streaming.
Now,
streams and files have a lot in common,
but there are some differences.
For instance, streams and files can be
in different locations.
Streams have to be fetched
with HTTP or HTTPS.
Files, on the other hand,
can be local on your device
or fetched over the network.
There are also differences in features.
The kinds of tracks and other
aspects of the movie are different
between streams and files.
And lastly,
these differences do percolate
into your code and make
differences in how you code.
Let's talk about the commonalities
between streams and files.
First of all, the preferred codecs.
For video, it's H.264, and for audio,
it's AAC.
Yes,
there are other codecs that we support,
but these are the sweet spot,
if you will.
In your video, you can go up to 720p and
up to 30 frames per second.
And the audio,
48 kilohertz sample rate and up to
160 kilobits per second data rate.
In terms of differences,
with streams you can have timed metadata,
that is metadata that's associated
with particular moments in your video.
This doesn't exist in files.
On the other hand,
with files you can have
multiple soundtracks,
you can have subtitles,
in fact multiple subtitles,
and you can have chapter markers.
These things don't exist
with HTTP live streams.
Now in both streams and files
you can have closed captioning.
The next digression I want to talk about
is you need to think asynchronously.
In video, lots of things are
happening behind your back,
being done by the system.
For instance,
when you get to AV Foundation,
you're going to use something called
asynchronous key value loading,
where you ask the system to
fetch a value out of your movie.
You're going to get a reply
asynchronously with the information.
As I mentioned when I was
talking about notifications,
if you're generating still
images from your movie,
that's going to happen asynchronously.
You're going to get an asynchronous
notification that those still
images have been created.
If you're making another
copy of your movie,
exporting it in some different bit rate,
again, you're going to ask the system
to do that on your behalf,
and it's going to notify
you asynchronously.
And in AV Foundation,
you're going to be using
key value observing,
which by its very nature is asynchronous.
The other piece of
asynchrony is multitasking.
Your app is going to live
with other apps on the system,
and your app may be pushed into
the background by the user.
You have to realize that if the user
starts up another app that does playback,
that's going to interrupt any
export you may have asked the
system to start on your behalf.
Even if you're in the foreground,
if you get a phone call,
that's going to interrupt
any exports you have.
Remember that when your
app is in the background,
you're not going to be able to record
or process video from the camera.
Now, some things won't be interrupted.
For instance,
if you're using asynchronous
key value loading,
that's not going to be interrupted
by multitasking switches.
Now I mentioned before that
the audio portion of your movie
can play in the background.
If you have a movie that's
actually audio only,
then that will play automatically
when you switch into the background.
Any other movie that contains some
video will have to be restarted once
your app switches into the background.
There's a very good
technical note about this,
technical note 1668,
which is specifically about how
to play audio in the background
with MP Movie Player Controller.
Now let's talk about advanced playback.
This means we're talking
about AV Foundation.
Remember,
AV Foundation is a lower level framework.
In AV Foundation,
your movie is represented by an AV asset.
So rather than the
case with Media Player,
where presentation state and everything
was wrapped up with a single object,
we now have an object that's just
there to represent our movie.
Because movies consist
of a number of tracks,
there's also an AVAssetTrack object for
each particular track inside the movie.
When we want to play back a
movie using AV Foundation,
we're going to use AVPlayer.
With the AV Player,
we of course start with an AV Asset,
which has AV Asset tracks.
But these don't have any
of the presentation state.
So we have another object,
the AV Player Item and
AV Player Item tracks,
which control the presentation
state for the movie.
This means that if I want to show
the movie in two different ways,
I would have two different player items,
one for each way I'm
presenting the movie.
Now the AVPlayerItem is what
I give to the AVPlayerObject,
which is the object that
controls the entire playback.
That's the object that
you'll be telling to play.
But once I've given the
AVPlayer item to AVPlayer,
it's still not on my screen.
I need to have an AV Player later,
which is a kind of core animation layer,
which is where AV Player is
actually going to display the movie.
But I'm still not done because in
order for the user to see that movie,
it has to be inside my view hierarchy.
Now, if you look at any of our sample
code around AV Foundation,
you'll see that we typically
make AV Player layer the layer
object for a subclass of UIView.
So there's some important considerations
when you're using AV Foundation.
The first one is if you're
using HTTP live streaming,
you can't create an AV asset directly
from an HTTP live stream URL.
You need to create an
AV player item from that URL,
and then you can extract
the asset from that.
If you're familiar with core animation,
don't try to use render in
context with an AV player layer.
It's not going to work.
And AVPlayer can only have
one layer associated with it.
Yes, you can have your layer tree there,
but remember that only one
of those layers is actually
associated with the AVPlayer layer.
So to summarize playback,
I've talked about two simple classes,
MPMoviePlayerViewController
and MPMoviePlayerController,
and I've mentioned a few of
the classes in AV Foundation,
AVPlayer, AVPlayerLayer, AVPlayerItem,
and AVPlayerItemTrack.
Now let's talk about recording.
So the Media Player Framework doesn't
have anything to do with recording.
Instead, UIKit hosts the classes that
are associated with recording.
And of course, AV Foundation has a number
of classes around recording.
So when we're recording
from our iOS device,
say an iPhone, we of course have a
camera and a microphone.
And remember because
you have a microphone,
you need to pay attention to your
audio session category and make
sure you're setting that correctly.
Now, you can record video with
audio on iOS devices since 3.0.
And remember that the recording
is under user control.
You give the user control and you wait
for the user to give you back the result.
So the basic way to record video
is with UI Image Picker Controller.
And what you're going to do is
you're going to allocate your
UI image picker controller object.
And you're going to tell it that
your source type is a camera.
If you look at this slide,
you'll see that we are
specifying the media types.
We give it an array,
but in this case just a
single item in that array,
which tells the system
that we just want a movie.
You can tell it that you want both
either a movie or a still image.
We indicate that we want to allow
editing and we tell the system
what our delicate class is.
At that point,
all we have to do is tell our
controller to present this view modally.
There's two methods that will be called.
Image picker controller did
finish picking media with info.
This is what's called when the
user's actually giving you back
a movie as opposed to canceling.
The first thing you're going to
do is you're going to look in
that info dictionary for the media
type and make sure they've given
you back what you're expecting.
If you have been given a movie,
you're then going to look in the info
dictionary for the URL that's associated
with that movie and do whatever it
is you want to do with the movie.
Once you've done that,
you dismiss the modal view that
was there and release the picker.
Now, if the user cancels,
your method image picker controller
did cancel is going to be called.
In this case,
all you need to do is dismiss the modal
view controller and release the picker.
Now, AV Foundation has a number of
classes associated with recording.
AV Capture Session, AV Capture Device,
AV Capture Input, AV Capture Output,
and AV Capture Connection.
Let's look at a picture that will give
us a better idea of what's going on here.
So I have my iPhone and
I want to capture some video.
I'm going to want to see that on
my display as I'm capturing it.
And I may want to capture
some still images.
I may want to look at
the frames as they go by.
I may want to save the
frames out to a movie file.
But I'm also going to have some audio,
and I might want to either save
that audio by itself or save
it as part of my movie file.
Now the class that ties everything
together is AV Capture Session.
AV Capture Session controls
the entire recording and
organizes all the other classes.
The input devices,
my camera and my microphone,
are going to have AV Capture Input
subclasses associated with them.
The view that I'm getting on my
screen is going to have an AV Capture
Video Preview layer associated with it.
This is another core animation layer.
And the various kinds of outputs will
all be subclasses of AV Capture output.
The important considerations with
recording in AV Foundation are:
You can only use one of AV Capture
movie file output and AV Capture
video data output at the same time.
The system isn't capable of handing you
the video frames in real time and writing
them out to movie at the same time.
The other point is documentation
currently states that AV Capture video
data output can support compressed data.
This is not the case in iOS 4.3.
It's still only uncompressed data.
Okay, to summarize the classes I've
talked about for recording,
UI Image Picker Controller is your
main class for basic recording.
And of course you have a
delegate associated with that,
your UI Image Picker Controller delegate.
Now there are several
classes in AV Foundation.
I mentioned just a few of them:
AV Capture Session, AV Capture Device,
AV Capture Input, AV Capture Output,
and AV Capture Connection.
Now let's talk about editing.
So again with editing, the classes are in
UIKit and in AV Foundation.
For basic editing, what we're really only
doing is trimming the movie.
That is,
we're trimming portions from either
the beginning or end of the movie.
What this does is it allows
the user to trim those frames.
Your program isn't making any
decision about where that cut happens.
Now, this same class also allows
you to re-encode your video
at another quality level.
You need to look for UI Image Picker
Controller Quality Type.
That's how you control that.
The two classes here are
UI Video Editor Controller and the
UI Video Editor Controller Delegate.
I'm not going to talk about the interface
here in detail because it's very,
very similar to the
UI Image Picker Controller.
Now, you can also do editing as part of
your UI Image Picker Controller.
There's a property on the UI Image Picker
Controller allows editing.
Set that to true and the user
will be able to do trims.
The interface is very
simple for the user.
A couple of controls that
allow them to move where the
beginning trim and end trim is.
And a button to either accept or cancel.
Now, AV Foundation has quite a
few classes used for editing.
I'm going to mention each
of these very briefly.
So if I want to generate
still images from my movie,
I'm going to use AVAssetImageGenerator.
If I want to re-encode my movie
or export a version in a different
aspect ratio or something,
I'm going to use AVAssetExportSession.
If I simply want to read frames
from an existing movie file,
I'll use AVAssetReader.
If I want to create a new movie file,
I'll use AVAssetWriter.
Now, while I'm outputting my movie,
if I want to change the sound level,
so I'm going to use AV Audio Mix,
If I wanted to do
straight cuts in my movie,
no transitions or fades or wipes,
then I'm going to use AV Composition.
It allows me to do
simple cuts-only editing.
I'll use AV Video Composition if I do
want to have some sort of transition,
a fade or a wipe.
Now, I can also include core animations
in with my movie in AV Foundation.
Core animation can be used to
generate titles or other images.
And when I do that, I need to use another
core animation subclass,
AV Synchronized Layer.
And further, when I'm exporting a movie
that's used core animation,
I need to use the AV Video Composition
Core Animation tool.
The important consideration when editing
with AV Foundation is that AV Asset
Reader is not a real-time class.
Don't expect to be able to read frames
from a movie and deliver them to the
user in real-time using this class.
The other consideration is AV Composition
and AV Video Composition are meant for
two very different sorts of situations.
AV Composition is when you're
doing simple cuts only editing.
AV Video Composition is when you
want to make some sort of transition.
Okay, now I'd like to wrap up.
If you want more depth on AV Foundation,
you should listen to the talks
that we gave at WWDC 2010.
They're excellent talks on
AV Foundation and specifically
on recording and editing.
So there you have it.
I'm Eryk Vershen and my email
address is evershen@apple.com.
I look forward to seeing your app
really taking advantage of video in iOS.